---
layout: post
title: "HT1"
date: 2018-05-22
categories: ht1
---
What about a shell script that could easily tell you whether you're opening or closing at work?

Inside of a plain text file write down your schedule for the week as such:

"O" = opening
"C" = closing
"X" = day off

MON: O
TUE: C
WED: C
THU: X
FRI: O
SAT: O

Have the bash script parse the file and output your work schedule to the screen. Let
the name of the executable be "ws" (work schedule) with the option for args such as
ws -t (work schedule for tommorow) ws -w (work schedule for the entire week). Have 
ws w/o args print the week by default. Remember to put a task warrior reminder to
update the schedule every sunday.

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

It would be a good idea to make an alias command that would take you to the directory
where you store all of your writing. You aren't good at keeping directories in your head.

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

JUST EAT

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

If there's one thing that white people did right, it's those packets of hidden
valley ranch powder.

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

Comedy bit:

The one thing white people did right, were those packets of hidden valley ranch powder.
Amirite? Anyone ever seen that recipe on "kraft.com" for Hidden Valley pork chops?

LIBERALLY DUST CHOPS WITH HIDDEN VALLEY BUTTERMILK RANCH MIX

Liberally dust? *looks around sheepishly* am I in Gordon Ramsay's hells kitchen?

This isn't ramsays kitchen okay? This kitchen belongs to housewife hue. HOUSEWIFE HUE, OKAY?!
Oh who the fuck am I kidding, you guys don't know what housewife hue is. *Points to some random 
guy in the audence* That guy up front knodded his head as if he knew what it meant. Don't fuck with me, 
buddy. Yeah! You're like that guy who sits in the front row of every class in college. Knodding his
head like he knows what's going on.

Imagine if you had a netflix special
